6 month since I have returned to a land I call home or I used to and I should still. My physical body is changing to readapt to the change in the momentum of daily life. Slowly and steadily accepting the fact that ordering a beer on a Sunday morning is unacceptable, especially when you hawk around the fridge area at 8.30am waiting for the 7-11 cashier to release the floodgates.

8.24 a.m.
====

She smiled at me from behind the counter. I replied with the reflexive asian slight nod of the head to acknowledge the presence of another yet remain stranger enough to avoid a 'good morning' greeting that one would give to a not-so stranger. As much as we like to address people who looks older of age as auntie or uncle out of respect, we also like to avoid small talk about whether we had eaten breakfast or the fact that the season is either hot, wet or hotter. But when stuck in an elevator with a neighbor, it is best practices to minimal conduct the small talk ritual adhering to the gricean maxims and if possible avoid the gossip of the over- crying child from the 12th storey.

8.25 a.m.
====

One minute has passed with much effort. I cannot keep up the pretence of trying to choose between the mixed berry 0℅ fat yogurt drink or the tiny probiotic filled concoction stuffed with lactobacillus acidophilus bacteria.

"Fun fact, the singular form of bacteria is bacterion, like criteria and criterion. Okay, you caught me, it is not really a fact but just something fun I thought of," I said. I would assumed that I was talking to the cashier girl but she seemed unfazed and continually flicking her index finger with a bottom-up motion on the 7" screen. I figured she must had been catching Pokemon's. She looked up, away from the black mirror shrugged her shoulders and gave another smile, this time I sensed the condescension.

I turned my head back towards the fridge panel.

8.26 a.m.
====

That's 3 mins, the median lingering time for a single customer to choose an item a convenient shop from 7 to 10am on a weekend morning in the heartland. I figured I better make a purchase before she finds suspicious and that would make me seem worse than an alcoholic trying to grab a cold one on a Sunday morning. Then again, I wondered at the frivolousness of the researchers who conducted the experiments to identify the median time for a customer to linger in a convenient shop, and the fact that i remembered these findings.

I tried pulling the fridge door with difficulty only to find out that it was the sliding kind. I slid the door to the left and picked up the second from first bottle of the 0℅ fat mango yogurt drink with aloe vera bits.

As s I walked towards the counter near the exit, I turned back to see the alcohol filled panel section of the fridge. Still tightly sealed.

8.27 a.m.
====

"Ding dong," a lady in shades and smudged mascara, walked passed the entrance holding her heels. She looked familiar.

"Hey kid, open the beer fridge," she commanded. The cashier girl looked up from her phone into a 10 seconds state of shock looking at the lady. I supposed if I read mind, she was thinking, 'What the?'

"Open the beer fridge," she repeated with a neck-wards motion in the direction of the fridge.

I was relieved. I'm not the only one around that understands the joy of Frühschoppen. But in the case of the lady, I was quite sure she's not doing it out of joy.

The cashier girl, opened up the locks and untied the chains to the fridge doors. For a fleeting moment, I thought, 'Are we stooping that low to become savages such that our democratic establishment has to go all draconian over limiting alcoholic sales to a arbitrarily time span?' At the next moment, I was thinking, 'Who cares? At last, I'm getting my La Chouffe. The last 4 minutes was a torture'.

8.28 a.m.
====

The cashier girl returned to the counter, took a peek at the lady and a look at me and shrugged her shoulders.

"Beep," she scanned the mango yogurt drink I left on the counter, "$1.35, do you need a receipt?"

I really didn't want to get that mango drink, "Hold on, I want to get something else."

I walked back to the beer fridge trying to pick up my beer. She turned her head and stared at me. I couldn't see through the Luxottica but I felt that Sith inducing glare at me. Somehow I was compelled and blurted, "The force is strong with this one".

"I find your faith disturbing," she replied with a grin to the left. That looked strangely familiar.

Continuing the darth banter, "Be Careful Not To Choke On Your Convictions," I said picking up my beer as she was holding the door open.

"Funny, but that's not a real quote. I get the idea, force choke,"she replied, obviously she hasn't seen Rouge One.

"You still have much to learn," she continued taking her Ray Ban off, "Ada, nice to meet you," she said leaving the door to close in slow motion and putting her hand out, expecting mine.

'Ada, that voice, the uncanny memorization of quotes,' I thought.

"Ada Liu Shi Yan?" I asked.

"You," putting her hand away, she said, "Darth quotes, La Chouffe and that ponytail of yours."

"Heidi Tan something," she forgot my Chinese name, "It has been long, where have you been all these years?"

"Sorry, I look like crap," she continued, "Put that back, let's get a 6's and catch up. My treat."

8.29 a.m.
====

"Do you still want this?" the cashier girl asked the rhetorically.

"Could you help me to put it back?" she asked, waving the barcode 6 times before pressing a candence of buttons and waving her staff RFID staff card to cancel the mango yogurt drink. I sensed the hint of irritation.
"Beep beep beep," the machine sounded in staccato as she pressed the check out key. It showed, the sign, "LCA".
She checked the wall clock behind the cashier, "One more minute. Sorry."
Ada looked at me, "All because of some drunk ass pushing a bus down."
I shrugged my shoulders.

"So where have you been all these years," Ada asked while the cashier girl tapped her fingers incessantly on the counter top.

"I was working in Germany," I replied.

"Cool! As what? Was it fun? Which cities did you visit? Did you go to Berlin? Paris? Do you have a German boyfriend now?" She fired her questions.

"It was an experience, I guess. I've been to Berlin and Paris. I did meet someone but she left," I answered Ada, "Could you stop tapping your fingers?" I asked the cashier girl. She stopped.

"Oh, you'll find someone else who deserves you more," Ada said.

"No. Actually, she died of cancer." I replied.

"Oh," Ada exclaimed and remained speechless.
There's still another 34 seconds and the air is getting awkward. I needed that drink.
Still starring at each other, the cashier girl peering at Ada's makeup, noticing that only the lip gloss stayed while everything from the mascara to the foundations was smearing off. Ada looking at me while pouting sideways apologetically. And I looking at the second hands of the ticking away from the 45th second towards the 57th. One of the strangest 12 seconds of my life. And all that to get a beer on a Sunday morning.

8.30 a.m.
====

The second hand strikes on the 60th.

"Now, can we pay?" I said to the cashier girl, taking my DBS Altitude Signature Visa contactless credit card out.

She pressed the checkout key again and it went through

"No, let me pay," She took out a similar card but from the OCBC 365 one and tapped on the payment machine.
After keeping her card back to her Furla Club, she pounced towards me and gave me a hug, "I'm sorry," she said, "for just now and also what happened 7 years ago."

"Receipt?" The cashier girl asked.
