This is a story about a girl named Chen and her Red Hood. Chen was a girl of pathological lies, endless fabrications and remarkably few blunders. And her Red Hood illuminates her angel face, giving her lies credibility. She made up everything. While she conjured her lies, her Red Hood would come to believe them. Her mother charmed by her fallacious tales, her granny swindled by her cherubic mask. 

One day her mother, having made some mochi (Japanese rice cakes), said to Chen, 
“My little angel, go and see grandmamma. I heard she’s still sicky-yicky and she needs mochi-mochi to cheery- cheery her up.” 

Chen immediately set out towards the direction of granny’s house. When her house is out of sight, she imitated her mother and using her hand as a puppet, saying to herself, “To hell with grandmamma, I’m going to finish the mochi-mochi and be happy-happy.” And the Red Hood giggled at Chen’s ventriloquism, then it frowned at her gluttony. 

Poofed, the mochi relocated to Chen’s belly. And the Red Hood noticed her paunch, yet it relished in her visage. After the short interim, her ventriloquist act continues, “Now my little angel is fully-fully, time to go play swingy-swingy at the woody-woody.” And the Red Hood was tickled by the encore, then it pouted at her lethargy.

Chen headed to the woods.
The Wolf saw Chen from a distance. The Wolf approached Chen and asked, 
“My little angel, where are you heading to?” 

Chen immediately replied the Wolf, “Mr Wolfy-Wolfy , I am going to see my grandmamma beyond the milly-milly and help her to make some mochi-mochi to bring homey-homey.” And the Red Hood chuckled at the gullible Wolf, then it sulked at Chen’s treachery.

The Wolf headed to beyond the mills.
The nearby Lumberjack saw Chen’s conversation with the Wolf. The Lumberjack approached Chen and asked,
“My little angel, what did the Wolf asked you?”

Chen immediately echoed the Lumberjack, using her hand as a puppet, “My little angel, what did Wolfy-Wolfy asky-asky you? Mind your own busy-busy and get out of my wayy-wayy!” And the Red Hood sniggered at the shocked Lumberjack, then it sighed at Chen’s vulgarity.

The Lumberjack stood silent as Chen walked towards the swing.

Bored, the swing lost its ability to frolic Chen. Chen headed home.

Her mother answered the door. Her mother approached Chen and asked, 
“My little angel, how was grandmamamy?”

Chen immediately answered her mother,
“Grandmama is okey-okey and she likes the mochi-mochi.” 

Her mother murmured,
“Grandmama’s neighbor is dead.”

And the Red Hood was motionless, then it tore and dropped in despair.
